fix(docs): correct the tutorial docs and concepts index doc (#708)
kestra-io/docs: content/docs/02.tutorial/06.errors.md

By default, a failure of any task will stop the execution and will mark it as failed.
For more control over error handling, you can add `errors` tasks, `AllowFailure` tasks, or automatic retries.

> The `errors` tasks allow you to execute one or more actions before terminating the flow, e.g. sending an email or a Slack message to your team. The property is named `errors` because they are triggered upon errors within your flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `errors` property allows you to execute one or more actions before terminating the flow, e.g. sending an email or a Slack message to your team. The property is named `errors` because they are triggered upon errors within your flow.
```
